---
layout: post
title: "Workinnng hard to make a living!"
author: "Anthony Ponce"
categories: blog
tags: [work, blog]
image: gund.jpg
---

Jump in that.

 Look man all I know is I'm pretty disgusted with myself for having been on only cartridges for that long. Dabbing is so much more cleaner and feels so much nicer. I got work tomorrow and it blows. I registered for 5 classes at SAC and I'm gonna apply to all the CSU's in the area this August. I will have all my credits in order and I'll be able to go after the film degree that I've been putting off and I felt disgruntled by due to all the ******* teachers I am surrounded by. If they were anything in the film industry they wouldn't be ******* teachers right.

 I start messing with my photo camera and by Monday I should have all the stuff necessary in order to be able to do just about anything with it. I I'm thinking about getting a printer but I'm not sure which one to get so I'll probably just research that and leave it till next check. I'm going to put money back into my savings after splurging so hard between all my trips and stuff but it's still pretty healthy especially for my standards. Like even 2 years ago I couldn't have imagined having a decent egg put away like this. 

Also I really think those boomers were onto something man and ruined it for everyone. I am over here listening to Beach Boys and it is got me so fucking sad we don't got nice shit like that anymore. I want my 409 Chevy engine, white picket fence, and wife baking a fucking pie. Where's my junior to go play catch with and take to a ball game? Where's the drive-ins with chili dogs and cherry Coca-Colas god damn it, this ain't like songs.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0UelCXZCynSQfWR8edZiKg?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
