---
layout: post
title: "the story of all the jobs I ever work (so far)"
author: "Anthony Ponce"
categories: tybg
tags: [instacart, jobs}
image: salt.jpg
---

My first-ever job I landed during my time at Hare High School, in the final quarter of my senior year. I had tried to get a job before that, but no luck. I got it through my childhood friend Cristian Luna. When I started, I found out I would also be working with my buddy Greg from elementary/middle school. 

I held down that job all summer before moving on to Macy's as a signer with my buddy Andy. I worked there for about two months before deciding that was enough and moving on to Target for their seasonal positions. I had a short stint at Jimmy John's for like two weeks, which I just remembered now kek. 

I made it through that and moved on to the OC Fair that summer after failing to go back to school in the Spring. I worked the graveyard shift, making bails upon bails of cardboard boxes. From there, I went to the Islands Golf Center with Hipo one day and found out they were hiring, using the stregth of the experinece I gained at OC Fair I got a job from Harvey. 

This was it, where I finally felt like I found a home.

When the Islands Golf Center got bought, and they let all of us go, I went to Se7enleaf LLC. Legally working in cannabis seemed like a dream come true, I was really good at this job. I even made it to supervisor buddy.

After getting hurt at jiu-jitsu practice, Se7enleaf kept calling me in anyway because they were so short on people, it made me quit, and then quitting caused a relationship to fall apart. 

# So now I was really alone.

I got offered a place at RIF in DTSA through Nate and was happy to find a "job," but they really screwed me over there, LOL. I was working a second job as a delivery driver on Instacart and picking up shifts at Angels games to make money because of how inconsistent stuff was at RIF with what they would say and what would happen.

Being angry at RIF made me go to Nike, Nike made me go back to school because it was embarrassing to tell people at work that I wasn't in school. Getting fired from Nike for "pushing" a coworker let me go get my first _REAL_ money at Red Wing. Red Wing made me see trade money and find a goal in school.

Being in school made me find my interest in film and stuff once again and pursue a bachelor's. While in school, I just did the Instacart. I actually got my taxes in from the gig. I made like four bands in like three months of PT driving last semester, LOL. That plus that FATASS FAFSA check was enough to more than survive. I got a bunch of sick gear.

Now I got a website or something, and I'm about to work at Book-Off after pump-faking Whole Foods really hard.

My commencement date is 6/7/2024.
