---
layout: post
title: "you think she's thinking about me right now?"
author: "Anthony Ponce"
categories: blog
tags: [blog,love]
image: loveher.jpg
---

Chat, I need her. 

I got the best desk setup in the world. I don't make the rules that's just what it is baby. 
I got promoted to clerk at work I don't know if I said that in the Last Post but I'll tell you now. I'm starting accounting classes this week. I speed ran through a couple classes already on study.com I finished U.S. History I , Intro to Business and, Spanish I. I'm going to do government next and probably biology after. I'm hoping to get into UMPI by fall semester and get my bachelors by the beginning of next year. Earning credits alternatively isn't anything new I mean for God's sakes I graduated from Hare. I think I went to summer school every year of high school. I went to Lincoln Education Center for ******* like English or something. Lincoln education Alexa shut up no one was talking to you. I'm gonna leave that in here because I'm using voice to text and I think it's funny.
I still really haven't committed too big into anything related to accounting so I could always pivot and go for a computer science degree from WGU. I don't know though I really think accounting would be safe and easy because I have a couple of people who are already working inside of finance and other aspects of business plus I have a couple of friends who are going for this major so it's like a built-in network. It's not even a glamorous degree and a lot of people's mind it seems like a boring one but they're seven out of 10 on the top 10 that produce millionaires. And the sooner I get to work in the career is the sooner I earn the higher end half of my salary. I just wanna be able to have a kid someday and be able to take him to the park and play catch and go home and know the bills are going to be paid. I don't care about following my dreams I just want to work hard enough that my kids can follow theirs. I can always have fun with my camera and all this stupid little music/audio crap on my own time I don't need to make it my living. I miss my wife.

Idgaf what she's doing.
